README.md, before:

# TST New Tab On Double Click

This is a Firefox extension that opens a new tab as a child tab when double-clicking on an existing tab in Tree Style Tab.

## Installation

### From Firefox Add-ons

1. Go to the [Firefox Add-ons page](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tst-new-tab-on-double-click/)
2. Click the "Add to Firefox" button
3. Confirm the installation in Firefox

### From Git Releases

1. Download the latest release from the [Releases page](https://git.compilenix.org/CompileNix/tst-new-tab-on-double-click/-/releases)
2. Load the extension in Firefox: `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox` > Load Temporary Add-on > Select the `tst-new-tab-on-double-click.xpi` file

### From Source

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://git.compilenix.org/CompileNix/tst-new-tab-on-double-click.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd tst-new-tab-on-double-click`
3. Build the extension: `make xpi`
4. Load the extension in Firefox: `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox` > Load Temporary Add-on > Select the `tst-new-tab-on-double-click.xpi` file

## Configuration

You can configure the extension to open the new tab as the first or last child of the clicked tab. To do this, go to the extension's options page and select the desired option.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Readme: Add Deployment checklist, settings screenshot and install notes
Signed-off-by: CompileNix <compilenix@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# TST New Tab On Double Click

This is a Firefox extension that opens a new tab as a child tab when double-clicking on an existing tab in Tree Style Tab.

## Installation

### From Firefox Add-ons

1. Go to the [Firefox Add-ons page](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/tst-new-tab-on-double-click/)
2. Click the "Add to Firefox" button
3. Confirm the installation in Firefox

### From Git Releases

1. Download the latest release from the [Releases page](https://git.compilenix.org/CompileNix/tst-new-tab-on-double-click/-/releases)
2. Download the `tst-new-tab-on-double-click.xpi` file
3. Install the extension in Firefox: Navigate to `about:addons` > Drag and drop the `tst-new-tab-on-double-click.xpi` file into the "Extensions" section

### From Source

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://git.compilenix.org/CompileNix/tst-new-tab-on-double-click.git`
2. Navigate to the project directory: `cd tst-new-tab-on-double-click`
3. Build the extension: `make xpi`
4. Load the extension in Firefox: `about:debugging#/runtime/this-firefox` > Load Temporary Add-on > Select the `tst-new-tab-on-double-click.xpi` file

## Configuration

You can configure the extension to open the new tab as the first or last child of the clicked tab. To do this, go to the extension's options page and select the desired option.

![Screenshot](./screenshots/Screenshot%20Add-ons%20Manager.png)

## Deployment

- [Submit new version to Firefox Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addon/tst-new-tab-on-double-click/versions/submit/)
- Wait for review and approval
- Download signed `.xpi` file from [Firefox Add-on page](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/addon/tst-new-tab-on-double-click/versions)
- Upload to GitLab Package registry: `curl --location --header "PRIVATE-TOKEN: <pat>" --upload-file tst_new_tab_on_double_click-<version>.xpi 'https://git.compilenix.org/api/v4/projects/160/packages/generic/tst_new_tab_on_double_click/v<version>/tst_new_tab_on_double_click-<version>.xpi'`
- Verify upload at [GitLab Package registry](https://git.compilenix.org/CompileNix/tst-new-tab-on-double-click/-/packages/)
- Create new release at [GitLab Releases page](https://git.compilenix.org/CompileNix/tst-new-tab-on-double-click/-/releases)
- Create new release at [GitHub Releases page](https://github.com/compilenix/tst-new-tab-on-double-click/releases)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
